I think that depends on the person that depends on you. Um though is there
is no no one one size fits all type thing. So you can't say with
this type of person. I'm gonna do this with this type of person. I'm
going to do that. You have Teoh, learn and you know, just kind of
gain that experience by doing it. You won't be successful in every
matter, but what you can do is communicate. You can sit down with the
sailor and say, Hey, you know I'm trying. Teoh established this kind
of culture. I'm trying to do X, Y and Z and respond to feedback.
That's the big thing. Communicate and responding feedback. So if you
see something is not working with a certain sailor, try something different.
What's the worst that could happen if you go talk to someone?
Really Nothing. So communicate. Sit down and talk with. That's how
you That's how you move forward. That's how you deal with a wide
multitude of people. You communicate, you listen. You observe, watch
how they respond to you. When you say certain things, watch how they
respond with starting other things happen. For example, I knew certain
sailors didn't, you know, respond well to me screaming and yelling
or, you know, just being very playful or something. So you wouldn't
be that way with that sailor. You know what I mean? You just have
to respond accordingly. So but always, uh, observe and listen more
than you speak and follow their verbal and nonverbal cues. That's basically
it.